index.md, before:

## Accessibility Guide For React Native

### What is Accessibility?
According to [blog post on Pusher](https://pusher.com/tutorials/accessible-react-native) it includes but is not limited to:

- **Visual impairments** - examples include low vision, color-blindness, and total blindness.
- **Physical or motor disabilities** - cerebral palsy, bone and joint deformities.
- **Mental disorders** - autism spectrum disorders such as Asperger’s syndrome, and autistic disorder.
- **Hearing impairment** - deafness and partial hearing loss.
- **Reading disabilities** - Dyslexia.

According to the same blog post, to really have an accessible app it means "... designing your apps in such a way that it takes all of these disabilities into consideration in order to make the user experience pleasant for everyone." For purposes of this guide the focus will start with Visual impairments.

[Image Accessibility](images.md)

[Text Accessibility](text.md)

[Testing iOS](test-ios.md)

[Testing Android](test-android.md)



<div style="text-align:center">
<a href="https://blog.echobind.com/tagged/react-native"><img src="./images/eb-gradient.svg" /><br/>
<h3>Check out our latest React Native blog posts</h3></a></div>

Commit message:

add intro and contributing info, fix typos

index.md, after:

## Welcome 👋

As React Native developers we often find ourselves scouring the interwebs to find information. Sometimes we are piecing together documentation from the native space and figuring out how to apply that to our cross platform development needs.

This documentation begins to create a collaborative space where we can share snippets and information.

In an effort to begin the collaboration sooner than later, we are starting with some tips on developing with Accessbility in mind.

As this project grows we will create a table of contents and keep information as easy to find as possible.
<hr/>

## Accessibility Guide For React Native

### What is Accessibility?

According to [blog post on Pusher](https://pusher.com/tutorials/accessible-react-native) it includes but is not limited to:

- **Visual impairments** - examples include low vision, color-blindness, and total blindness.
- **Physical or motor disabilities** - cerebral palsy, bone and joint deformities.
- **Mental disorders** - autism spectrum disorders such as Asperger’s syndrome, and autistic disorder.
- **Hearing impairment** - deafness and partial hearing loss.
- **Reading disabilities** - Dyslexia.

According to the same blog post, to really have an accessible app it means "... designing your apps in such a way that it takes all of these disabilities into consideration in order to make the user experience pleasant for everyone." For purposes of this guide the focus will start with Visual impairments.

[Image Accessibility](images.md)

[Text Accessibility](text.md)

[Testing iOS](test-ios.md)

[Testing Android](test-android.md)

<hr/>

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to be learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

<hr/>

<div style="text-align:center">
<a href="https://blog.echobind.com/tagged/react-native"><img src="./images/eb-gradient.svg" /><br/>
<h3>Check out our latest React Native blog posts</h3></a></div>
